fix(srv): content review and update (#2589)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/overleaf/index.mdx

    ```

    SSL certificates issued by Let's Encrypt are valid for 90 days. Certbot comes with the option to automatically renew the certificate.

> 3. Configure a CronJob that launches Certbot daily to check the status of the certificate. Open the crontab by typing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configure a cron job that launches Certbot daily to check the status of the certificate. Open the crontab by typing:
```
